Final changes for release notes 6.11 (#38208)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.11.0/diffraction.rst

.. figure::  ../../images/6_11_release/FindMultipleUMatrices.png
   :width: 400px

- Algorithm :ref:`ShowPossibleCells <algm-ShowPossibleCells>` now has a new output property, ``Cells``, that includes the cell information.
- New algorithm :ref:`SaveMDHistoToVTK <algm-SaveMDHistoToVTK>` that saves a :ref:`MDHistoWorkspace <MDHistoWorkspace>` as a ``VTK`` file so that it can be visualized by ``Paraview``.
- :ref:`IntegratePeaksShoeboxTOF <algm-IntegratePeaksShoeboxTOF>` has improved optimisation for shoebox position - would previously be centred on nearby stronger peaks if present.

> - Execution time of :ref:`IntegratePeaks1DProfile <algm-IntegratePeaks1DProfile>` is at least 10 times faster.

Reviewer: It doesn't really make sense to say that the time of something is 10 times faster.
```suggestion
- Execution time of :ref:`IntegratePeaks1DProfile <algm-IntegratePeaks1DProfile>` has improved by a factor of ten.
```
